In a new workflow,
let's add two input data tools,
to bring in the store data, and
the list of the treatment stores.
The data for all the stores is in
the file new product control data, and
the data for
the treatment stores is in the file,
cherry product treatment stores.
Since we're only looking
at stores in California,
we'll use a filter tool to limit the
control stores to those in California.
So let's add a filter tool and create a
basic filter where the state equals Ca.
Since we loaded the data from CSV files,
all the fields are loaded as strings.
We need to convert the category sales in
the product comp fields to numeric data
types for matching purposes, as
the matching algorithm is mathematical.
Add a select tool to
each data string and
convert the category sales field to
a type of double and the product count
field to a type of integer 16,
since the field only contains integers.
Next, let's add an ab controls
tool onto the canvas.
This tool has two inputs, D and T.
Connect the data stream with
the treatment stores to the T input and
connect the data with the control
stores to the D or data input.
Both data files use the Store ID
as the store identifier, so
we can configure both identifier
field inputs with Store ID.
As we want to use category sales and
product count as the variables to match
control stores to treatment stores,
we'll select both values.
Finally, in the instructions we
were asked to find two control
units per treatment unit.
So, let's change the value to two.
Add a browse tool to each output and
let's run the workflow.
Looking at the c output,
we see the treatment's column
which identifies the treatment store ID,
the control column shows
the store IDs of the control stores that
are matched to each treatment store.
You are easily able to create
matched pairs of control stores to
treatment stores.
Now you give it a try.